1. Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2
HTTP1: 
- While sending a request or response there is TCP connection established b/w client and server,
the connection was not lost here after the first request because we add a keep-alive header which is the part of the request so there is an 
open connection between the server & client. 
- there is a persistent connection which means several requests & responses are merged in a single connection.
- In HTTP1, it transfer all the request and resopnse in plain text messaf=ge form.
- ALso, head of line blocking in which TCP connection is blocked all other requests until the response does not receive.
HTTP2: 
- HTTP2 was developed over the SPDY protocol. HTTP2 works on the binary framing layer instead of textual that converts all the messages in binary format.
- It works on fully multiplexed that is one TCP connection is used for multiple requests.
- HTTP/2 uses HPACK which is used to split data from header. it compresses the header.
 The server sends all the other files like CSS & JS without the request of the client using the PUSH frame.
 
2. Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript?
 Objects, it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript.Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these
 primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
 objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs.
 Syntax to create an object:
 var odj= new Object();
 
 where, Object() may contain any kind of data in the form of key: value pair.

 var obj = {
 name: "xyz",
 age:XX,
 DOB:"DD-MM-YYYY",
 height:x.yy,
 hobbies: [aaa,bbb,ccc]
 }
 
 for accessing these data, 
 console.log(obj.name) // for accessing the name in the obj
 console.log(obj.hobbies[0]) // for accessing the first hobby in the array of hobbies in obj